Update Solr to version 8 (#5)
openSAIL/oaipmh-solr: README.md

**Note**: While this library has been successfully used to harvest records from registries using oai\_dc and ivo\_vo metadata formats, it is a work in progress and is still in testing. Please report any bugs in the issues section.

## Requirements

> Version 2.0 of this library is build for solr 8 and tested agaist solr 8.11. Note that the data import library has been deprecated and will be removed in Solr 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2.0 of this library is built for solr 8 and tested against solr 8.11. Note that the data import library has been deprecated and will be removed in Solr 9.
```
